<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en"
      xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:o="http://omnifaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
<!-- from https://showcase.omnifaces.org/push/socket -->
<h:head>

</h:head>
<h3>Global counter</h3>
<p>
    Below is a static counter which has the same value application wide.
</p>

<h1><h:panelGroup id="count">#{pushBean.count}</h:panelGroup></h1>

<h:form>
    <p>
        If you enable the push, then a websocket will be opened.
        Note that it's by default always auto-connected when included in the page, but for demo purposes we're initially disabling it.
    </p>
    <p>
        <h:panelGroup id="toggle">
            Push is #{pushBean.connected ? 'connected' : 'disconnected'}
            <p:commandButton value="#{pushBean.connected ? 'disconnect' : 'connect'} it" action="#{pushBean.toggle}">
                <f:ajax render="toggle increment :count"/>
            </p:commandButton>
        </h:panelGroup>
    </p>
    <p>
        If push is connected and you press the "increment!" button, then the static counter will increment in bean and the push will send out the new value to the same channel in all connected clients.
        To see it yourself, open the same page in multiple tabs/windows/browsers/machines and trigger the push in only one of it.
        Note that the counter also won't increment from other side if push is still disconnected on current page.
    </p>
    <p>
        <p:commandButton ajax="true" id="increment" value="increment!" action="#{pushBean.increment}"
                         disabled="#{not pushBean.connected}">
            <f:ajax render="none"/>
        </p:commandButton>
    </p>
</h:form>

<!-- NOTE: having inline script in XHTML like below is bad practice. -->
<!-- It's included directly in XHTML just for sake of demo. -->
<!-- In real world code, put it in a JS file :) -->

<script>
    function updateCounter(newvalue) {
        $("#count").text(newvalue);
    }

    function onclosePush(code) {
        if (code === -1) {
            alert("Oops! Your browser doesn't seem to support web sockets. The push functionality won't work.")
        } else if (code !== 1000) {
            alert("Oops! Push has stopped working with error code " + code + "! Reload the page.")
        }
    }
</script>

<!-- End of bad practice ;) -->


<o:socket channel="counter" onmessage="updateCounter" onclose="onclosePush" connected="#{pushBean.connected}"/>
</html>
